Dashbio tests refactoring (#411)
plotly/dash-bio: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.1.5]

### Fixed

* Fixed AlignmentChart error in which `colorscale` being undefined
  caused rendering to fail.
* Fixed AlignmentChart PropType for `eventDatum` to `string` (which is
  what gets returned).
* Fixed Circos error in which `tracks` variable being undefined caused
  rendering to fail.
* Fixed Clustergram error in which `display_ratio` (a float or a list)
  was used as a list instead of `self._display_ratio`, which always
  has the type `list`.
* Fixed Molecule2dViewer error in which `modelData` being undefined
  causesd rendering to fail.
* Fixed Molecule2dViewer PropType for `source` and `target` atoms
  within the `links` property to also include `PropTypes.shape`.
* Fixed Molecule3dViewer error in which there was no re-rendering upon
  a change in the `selectionType` prop.
* Fixed SequenceViewer error in which the component initially rendered
  with coverage that had no defined `onClick` behavior.

### Added

* Added re-rendering for Molecule2dViewer and Molecule3dViewer upon

>   the `selectedAtomIds` prop being updated. (This allows for the user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the `selectedAtomIds` prop being updated. (This lets the user
```

>   to write to the `selectedAtomIds` prop through a Dash component.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  write to the `selectedAtomIds` prop through a Dash component.)
```
("allows for" expects a noun)

* Added re-rendering for SequenceViewer upon the `coverageClicked`
  prop being updated.

## [0.1.4] - 2019-08-02

### Fixed

> * Fixed incompatibility with Dash 1.0.0.

Reviewer: Hmm, I would put this under "Changed" and call it "Migrated to React 16 and Dash 1" :)

Author: I think it makes more sense to put it under "fixed", since this library can't really be used without Dash and it *is* an error for it to be out-of-date.

Reviewer 2: Would make this `Changed`. Moving from `dash==0.40` to `dash>=1.0.0` is not a bug fix but updating one of the library's core dependency. As such,React 16 can be mentioned but is just a side-effect of updating Dash compatibility and I would personally skip it.
